- When we find the girls,
we're out of here.
- Jax, no.
We can't leave
until I get Daniel
to remember who
he really is.
- Come on, Emma.
Can't you see?
Whoever he is,
he's happy here.
Why can't you just
accept that and move on?
- Because he's not himself.
So we don't know
if he's happy.
I'm sorry,
but this is my fault.
I can't "move on"
until I make it right.
- I guess if that's
your choice...
- But it wasn't, Jax.
I chose you, I just...
can't leave him.
- Emma, I...I don't know what
you're talking about!
Okay, I've tried to
be a good boyfriend, I have.
But I have to draw the line.
I'm leaving...
with or without you.
Fine.
Without you it is.
- No! Jax, wait!
You can't teletransport.
The storm is almost here.
Your hair will
get all spiky.
Please.
I did this.
Changed someone's
entire reality.
I need to make things right.
- Oh! I think
I'm getting something!
[screaming]
No!
- Well?
- I recognize this kind of trap!
Beau told me all about
how he and his friends
always try to avoid them.
- And did he tell you
how to get out of one?
- Yes!
- Well?
- Oh, yeah!
Lemme just see here...
- [panicked panting]
You'll be fine, I...
I just have to
wash the mud off of you
and stick you in a vat
of rice overnight.
[metal groaning and banging]
What?!
- Well... at least
I got it open!
- Thank you for staying.
- I wouldn't be doing this
for anyone else.
- What's taking Daniel so long?
- All right, that's it, I'm
gonna look for 'em, I can't...
- My Proxy, my hero.
- By yourself?
You can't drive an airboat.
You could barely drive
the bumper cars
at the carnival last week.
- Mine had a wonky wheel.
- It's a bad idea, mate.
- Yeah, we should wait for
Daniel and that expert guide.
They know what
they're doing.
- It's my sister;
I can't just let her be eaten
by lions and tigers
and bears!
- Don't worry, no lions, tigers,
or bears in the 'glades.
- Guys, this the guide
I was talking about.
- Mia?
[upbeat pop music]
GIRL: ♪ I cast a spell
it takes a hold of you ♪
♪ I see my dreams
and they're all coming true ♪
♪ Come on let's go
you and me together ♪
♪ Look up ahead
there's a magical adventure ♪
♪ Every witch
way-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm trying every witch
♪ I'm going every witch
way-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Every Witch Way ♪
- Why is Mia here?
- You know her?
- We all do.
- Was she lost out there too?
Maybe she's dehydrated.
- Or maybe she just looks
very familiar, right?
- Oh, yeah, yeah, no, she looks
just like Mia,
the superstar equestrian
girl at our school.
- Yeah.
- Oh, so they both
have the same names?
That's quite a coincidence.
- Can we look for
my sister, please?
- Yes, Mia's the guide I was
talking about.
She knows the area like
the back of her hand.
- [sighing]
I hope Gigi's okay.
- Proxy! Your markings!
Calm down.
Just calm down.
- [exhaling]
- All right,
so Mia and I will head off
as soon as we finish
loading up.
- I'm coming with.
- I don't know if
that's a good idea.
- It's dangerous.
- Well, so are we.
- What? Diego and Maddie
are going and not me?
I don't think so!
- That's sweet that they want
to rescue their friends.
But, yeah, we can't take them.
- No.
[zapping]
- I don't see
an animal sanctuary.
You transported us
to the wrong location.
- I think the incoming storm
threw off my telenavigation.
- [gasps]
Speaking of which...
[grunts]
Setting the storm-timer
to five minutes
before the latest time
such that the maximum allotted
risk is minimized.
[laughing]
- Are you sure you even know
how to work that thing?
- Of course.
Now we better get going.
If there is a Continuum Break,
we must get
to the bottom of it.
- Don't like any
of this, Agamemnon.
- Neither do I.
The Chosen One
is getting reckless.
- It's like she
doesn't understand
that she can't go re-arranging
the Universe to her liking.
- Agreed.
What do we do if there
is a Continuum--
- Well, we tell her to not
speak to that human.
The world and the Realm
are fine as is.
We can't risk another shift.
- Ah.
Oh!
- You don't remember her?
Mia and I got stuck in
Zombie Apocalypse Three
after I made Phillip human.
- Phillip's human?
- What?
Yes, isn't he?
- Ah, gotcha.
[laughing]
- Not the time.
- Sorry.
- Yeah, all that happened,
but...not with her.
- You mean there's another...
Because in the other reality,
Mia--
- Hey, hey, we'll figure
that one out later.
But for now, let's just figure
out where these girls are.
- I still can't believe--
- Whoa, dude!
- zBe careful!
You can't let anyone
else see those.
- [exhaling]
I still can't believe that
you left them out in the swamp.
- All right, you know what,
I told them
to stay with the boat
and they didn't listen.
So can we just teletransport
to them and bring them back?
- Not in this kind
of weather.
Unless you want
a toasted Maddie or Jax.
- Oh!
- What about a locator spell?
- It still involves
teletransporting.
- But we could use a...
BOTH: Map locating spell.
- I said it first, jinx!
- Good idea.
Let's try it.
- We can use this map.
- I'll do it.
Before we hear the thunder clap,
show Katie, Sophie,
and Gigi on this map.
- We found them!
- We're coming
for you, Panthers!
- And Gigi!
- Oh, it's so beautiful here.
- Aw, well, it's not fancy,
but it is home.
- So how long have you lived
at the Everglades?
- Well, 18 years.
The kids were
all born here.
- [chuckling]
- Hey, baby.
There you go, sweetie.
- Uh, hey, wasn't there
some super cool insect exhibit
that you wanted to show me--
- Hi, can I help you?
Excuse me?
- Uh, they're just tourists...
from a faraway country.
- Lily!
There you are.
- Hi, Desi,
this is Cristina Miller.
She runs
the animal sanctuary.
- [mouthing silently]
- Are you here for a tour?
- Oh!
Yes, a tour
of this theme park.
- Oh, no, we are not a theme--
- Why did you do that?
- All these social niceties were
getting hard to follow.
We don't have time.
There is a storm a-brewing.
- So, you think this
is a Continuum Break?
- I do.
But I'm taking care of it!
- Your closeness with the Chosen
One is clouding your judgment.
- What? How?
- You can't see that
her out-of-control behavior
will lead to
something... terrible.
- Well, you don't know
that for sure.
- Boats are ready.
We better get moving if we're
going to beat the storm.
- Good news.
We know where they are.
MADDIE: Mm-hmm.
- Really?
Nice!
How do you know
they're there?
- [stammering]
Uh, uh...
Um, Ma--Maddie found them
on her phone; she has an app.
- Yeah!
I used "Find My iPanther."
- Uh, yeah, they have locations
on all the Panthers.
- And we got some signal
from Katie's phone.
- For just a second.
- That's great!
It'll save us
a lot of time.
- Phew.
- Good save.
- That wasn't a save.
It's true.
- Hm?
- What? Are you serious?
- Mm-hmm.
- You, you know you're on here
too, right?
- Duh.
- Shouldn't be too hard
to find them.
- Are there a lot
of wild animals there?
- Some.
- [grunting]
Gigi!
- Diego!
- Is something burning?
- No, I don't--
- No!
- What?
- Yeah, it's me, it's me.
- Oh!
I have an idea.
Katie, hand me your phone.
This is Miss Information
with a special report:
"Panthers Get Caught in a Trap!"
- No! I can't be seen
on your blog like this.
GIGI: Come on, give my viewers
your very best Panther roar!
- Meow!
- Whatever, I'll just delete
this when I get my phone back.
GIGI: Not if I can email it
to myself first!
KATIE: Gigi, no, don't leave us!
GIGI: I'll be right back!
- Hey, you really
know your knots.
- Oh, thanks, you too.
That's the best Trucker's Hitch
I've ever seen.
- Hey, Jax, you mind passing me
that rope by your feet?
- Yeah, sure.
Would you like me
to tie a knot too?
I can do that.
- Sure.
Can you give me
an alpine butterfly loop?
- Tah-dah.
- Thanks.
- Hey, you're not heading back
out there, are you?
Didn't you hear
the emergency weather report?
- I have to.
- Some girls wandered off
near the Nine Mile Pond.
- What? Who?
- Katie, Sophie, and Gigi.
- How did this happen?
- It was my fault.
They were on my boat.
- Yeah, but you guys
are my guests.
So this is on me.
- Yeah, you better
get back out there.
I mean, are the boats ready?
- Yeah, I just have to grab
my snake bite kit.
- Okay, well, it's in
the workshop, come on.
- So he can tie some knots
and talk the talk.
All we really need to
find the girls is magic.
- I'm going with you.
Those girls are
my responsibility.
- Oh, no, you don't have to.
Between Andi, Diego,
Emma, and I,
we can handle anything that
comes our way.
[bird screeching loudly]
Um, was that a bird?
That was a bird, wasn't it?
Birds!
- Emma, as soon as we find
the girls, we have to leave.
- I'm not leaving
without Daniel.
- You have to.
- But this isn't his life.
This is--
- It is.
If you break the Continuum
again by telling him,
he only has five days
to remember that life.
A life that doesn't
exist anymore.
- I can make him remember.
I know I can.
- Aw, yeah, I can't wait
to drive this thing again.
- Listen, we know you
really want to help.
But Mia and I should
probably go alone.
- What, are you crazy,
that's my...
[all objecting]
- Guys!
- Look, if you were in our shoes
and your family and friends
were missing,
would you take no
for an answer?
- All right.
But Mia's more experienced.
She should probably drive.
- Actually, if she can drive
it would help.
I need to operate
the navigation system.
- Yes!
DANIEL: All right.
Mia, you're in my boat.
Andi, drive slow
and don't get lost.
- Me? Lost?
Since when
do I ever get lost?
- All right,
let's move out.
The animals are
getting pretty restless
so that means
the storm's upon us.
♪ ♪
- Yeah, it's busted.
You should
get a better case.
- Gee, thanks!
I will.
- There's no use anyway.
None of our phones have had
signal since we got down here.
- Mine does.
- What?
- How?
- Government-issue
signal booster.
- How do you
get one of those?
- Can't say,
sworn to secrecy.
- Well, hand it over!
- There's no use anyway.
No one else will be able
to pick up our calls.
- No, but I can
live blog from it!
- Soph, no!
Get your phone back!
- No, no, no!
[metal screeching and banging]
- What?
- We're all together again!
[giggling]
[animal roaring]
[screaming]
- They'll be back before
the storm hits, right?
- Oh, yeah.
I mean, Daniel and Mia,
they know what they're doing.
And they said someone
in your group
was able to get
a GPS location.
So they're going to be fine.
- [sighing]
Well, that's a relief.
- That was lucky really.
I mean, I've never known anyone
to get cell service
out here before.
- Oh, yeah, lucky.
[electronic beeping]
- Excuse me,
what are you doing?
[beeping stops]
- Ahh...
My associates and I
are scanning the area
in hopes of finding...
- The Fountain of Youth!
- Yes.
It has been said that
it's somewhere
in the state of Florida.
- Oh, well, good luck.
- Right then,
thank you.
- [laughing]
- You didn't seem surprised.
- No, well, we get a few dozen
of those out here
every single year.
So I've just figured
I'll let them do their thing.
[beeping resumes]
- I, I don't think this
is where we were before.
- This is the closest shore
to the point on the map
where they tracked them.
They must have wandered
a ways after they got lost.
- All right, we don't
want to lose anybody else
so let's stick together.
- Panthers!
- Gigi!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- This... is...
a... night... mare!
[animal snarling]
[screaming]
- Found 'em!
You all okay?
- No, my phone
is still muddy and wet.
- We'll get you help soon,
I promise.
- We're fine.
- Katie! Sophie!
- Gigi!
- We gotta get 'em out of here
before the storm hits.
I left my multi-tool
kit at the boat.
- No prob.
I got mine.
- Thanks.
- So strong.
- So you said Mia was dangerous
in the other reality?
- She was,
right up until...
just before Daniel disappeared.
- Doesn't seem
dangerous to me.
- I know.
It's complicated.
- She seems
pretty awesome, actually.
- That's what we said when
we met her the first time.
Gotta keep an eye on her.
Just in case.
- Back up.
- [laughing]
- Gigi!
- Maddie!
[squeaking, door slams]
[beeping]
- Well, uh,
find any fountains?
- No, nothing.
- Ooh!
[loud pulsating whirring]
- That came from that?
- Uh, you know, it's one of
those smart watches, you know?
Made to look retro.
- Time is up!
- Oh, hey, the boats are here.
- Report any suspicious Chosen
One activity to us immediately.
We need to gather evidence
against her.
- For what?
- Oh, thank goodness.
Everybody looks okay.
- Hey, where'd they go?
- Uh, they said were gonna go
further north.
You know, follow Ponce de Leon's
original trail.
- They always do.
- Are they frostbitten?
Can they be saved?
- Um, they look fine.
- Are you sure?
- Great times,
fun field trip.
Let's go home?
- I can't go home
like this.
- Just use magic to fix it up.
- Hey, Emma, you could shower
inside if you want to.
- Thanks so much, Mrs. Miller.
- I don't think anyone
should be going anywhere
until the storm passes.
- We'll be just fine.
- Storms get pretty crazy
in the 'Glades.
You all should
stay here and ride it out.
- He's right.
I think you should,
and we've got plenty of room
inside the lodge.
- Well, that's
very nice of you.
- Yes, but not necessary.
I mean, what's a little bit of
cloud and rain, right?
[thunder crashing]
[rain pattering]
- Dinner's almost ready.
We're gonna eat by the fire,
I hope that's okay.
- I love eating by the fire.
I would eat in the fire
if I could! [laughing]
- Whoa, where'd you come from?
- Just went to go
put the top up on my car.
My luxury convertible.
- You should change
in the restroom.
I'm sure there's
clean towels in there.
- Well, actually no,
I like to air dry.
The cold invigorates me.
- I can't believe
Mia is a Kanay.
- Well, she was.
I don't know
if she is here.
Who went into
the video game with me?
Before I chose Jax
over the Council?
- I did.
Why?
In the other reality or
whatever, who went in with you?
- Mia did.
- Over me? Why?
- I think... I was really weak
from casting
the spell on Phillip
and since she has powers,
she helped me survive, and--
- I helped you survive.
What happened after that?
- Jax rescued us?
Maybe?
And when we got back...
I'm not exactly sure.
But I know we're
not enemies anymore.
- I don't know, Em.
I think I like this version
of events better.
- Andi!
- Emma!
I mean, this Daniel guy,
he seems to have
a really good thing
going here.
You're with Jax so... maybe
you should just leave it be.
[thunder crashing]
- Thank you so much, Proxy.
It was so sweet of you to go out
into that tycoon for me.
- Typhoo-- never mind.
My pleasure.
- Um, I asked you to get
the 24-inch carry-on.
This is the 22-inch.
- I didn't have a ruler.
- Do you mind going out again?
- What?!
- Please, Proxy?
- [laughing]
Look, Madd,
it's a Kanay marking.
- But I thought you were
the only Kanay.
- Yeah, I thought so too, but
then there was a Kanay marking
in the other display and...
and now this one.
- What do you think it means?
- That at one point,
there were Kanays around here!
- Uh-oh, Daniel gave Emma
some water!
[gasping]
Hey, it doesn't mean anything.
She chose you, remember?
- But I remember her choosing me
over the Council, not him.
- Yeah, me too.
Look, I'm only gonna
say this once.
Emma's nuts about you.
In this reality,
her reality, wherever.
- How do you know that?
- Because I know Emma.
And so do you.
Which is why
we should trust
that whatever she's doing,
she has to do.
- You're right.
I've been
an insecure jerk.
- No, you haven't.
Not insecure.
- I should make it up to her.
- That's the spirit!
- In two minutes, get Emma to
meet me in the other room.
Okay?
Two minutes.
- Ugh, it's so weird when we're
on the same side of stuff.
- It's ready.
Okay, everybody, let's eat.
- What's the matter?
- Uh... what isn't the matter?
- Huh?
- You know.
You know what's
the matter.
- Where's Jax?
We should wait for him.
- I think he's in
the other room.
- I better go get him.
- I'll come with you.
[giggling]
- Uh-oh.
- Wait, you're not gonna tell me
what's the... matter?
- Surprise!
[zapping]